The model we've used so far assumes
objects always keep going straight.
The model we will use from now on
assumes objects can move straight, but
they can also move with a constant turn
rate and a constant velocity magnitude.
This model is often
called the CTRV model.
Let's have a look at the state
vector we are going to use.
We keep calling the two-dimensional
position of the bike px and py,
where p stands for position.
But instead of describing the velocity
with vx and vy, we use the speed and
yaw angle.
The speed is the magnitude of
the velocity, which we'll call v.
And the yaw angle is the orientation,
which we'll call psi.
Since we also want to be able to
estimate the yaw rate psi dot,
we add it to the state vector too.
Constant yaw rate and
constant speed is a good model for
vehicle behavior in
real traffic scenarios.
Let's try to get a feeling for that.